Cherry pick documentation for ROCm 6.3 (#2053)
ROCm/Tensile: docs/src/reference/nomenclature.rst

   * - HGEMM
     - Half precision general matrix multiplication
     - 16-bit
   * - SGEMM
     - Single precision general matrix multiplication
     - 32-bit
   * - DGEMM
     - Double precision general matrix multiplication
     - 64-bit
   * - CGEMM
     - Single precision complex general matrix multiplication
     - 32-bit
   * - ZGEMM
     - Double precision complex general matrix multiplication
     - 64-bit

.. list-table:: GEMM operations; N (non-transpose) and T (transpose) represent the transpose state of the input matrices.
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 30, 70

   * - Operation
     - Equation
   * - NN
     - :math:`C_{i,j} = \sum_l A_{i,l} B_{l,j}`
   * - NT
     - :math:`C_{i,j} = \sum_l A_{i,l} B_{j,l}`
   * - TN
     - :math:`C_{i,j} = \sum_l A_{l,i} B_{l,j}`
   * - TT
     - :math:`C_{i,j} = \sum_l A_{l,i} B_{j,l}`
   * - Batched-GEMM
     - :math:`C_{i,j,k} = \sum_l A_{i,l,k} B_{l,j,k}`
   * - 2D Summation
     - :math:`C_{i,j} = \sum_{k,l} A_{i,k,l} B_{j,l,k}`
   * - 3 Batched Indices
     - :math:`C_{i,j,k,l,m} = \sum_n A_{i,k,m,l,n} B_{j,k,l,n,m}`
   * - 4 Free Indices
     - :math:`C_{i,j,k,l,m} = \sum_{n,o} A_{i,k,m,o,n} B_{j,m,l,n,o}`

Indices
=======

> The indices describe the dimensionality of the problem to be solved. A GEMM operation takes two 2-dimensional matrices as input,
> adding up to four input dimensions and contracts them along one dimension, which cancels out two dimensions, leading to a 2-dimensional result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indices describe the dimensionality of the problem to be solved. A GEMM operation takes two 2-dimensional matrices as input,
adds up to four input dimensions and contracts them along one dimension. This cancels out two dimensions, leading to a 2-dimensional result.
```

When an index shows up in multiple tensors, those tensors must be the same size along with the dimension, however, they can have different strides.

> There are three categories of indices or dimensions used in the problems supported by Tensile: free, batch and bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three categories of indices or dimensions used in the problems supported by Tensile: free, batch, and bound.
```

> **Tensile only supports problems with at least one pair of free indices.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
Tensile only supports problems with at least one pair of free indices.
```
